Add realtime multichannel dz to docs (#94)
speechmatics/docs: docs/speech-to-text/features/diarization.mdx

### Overview

Channel diarization enables each channel in multi-channel audio to be transcribed separately and collated into a single transcript. This provides perfect diarization at the channel level as well as better handling of cross-talk between channels. 

> ### Batch usage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Batch
```

  }
]
```

> ### Realtime usage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Realtime
```

> Realtime channel diarization is useful for remote conference calls, where separate audio streams may include multiple speakers.  

Reviewer: One suggestion here: you could convert this into a bullet list and have more than one use case e.g.
- CcaaS
- Video conferencing
- Medical online apts.
Currently it feels very prescriptive, like remote conference calls are the only use case.

Author: Good shout, have changed to bullet points and reworded to be clearer and friendlier.

> The maximum number of channels depends on whether you use a multi-session container and its connection limits.  

Reviewer: You've mentioned multi-session containers here which I assume is on-prem only? If this is only relevant to on-prem then it should be moved to the on-prem section of the docs. People looking here are most likely interested in SaaS. We also have a doc for limits that you could possibly include this in.

Reviewer 2: Valid point, in theory multi-session is the solution for onPrem, for SaaS we still haven't decided which solution we will use. Not sure how we document features for onPrem  vs SaaS if they are mostly the same though, will leave it up to you to figure out the best

Author: Covered as part of the rework following Friday. We now have admonitions that state certain parts of RT are only available for on-prem for now, with relevant links to deployment pages.

> To enable the feature, set the `diarization` property to `channel` or `channel_and_speaker`, and define each channel name under `channel_diarization_labels`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can enable this feature by setting the `diarization` property to `channel` or `channel_and_speaker`, and define each channel name under `channel_diarization_labels`.
```

```json
{
  "type": "transcription",
  "transcription_config": {
    "language": "en",
    // highlight-start
    "diarization": "channel_and_speaker",
    "channel_diarization_labels": ["New_York", "Shanghai", "Paris"]
    // highlight-end
  }
}
```

> The Transcriber confirms by including the channel diarization labels in the `channels` field of the `RecognitionStarted` message:

Reviewer: I think this is too technical. It might be better phrased in a more user-friendly way, e.g.:

```suggestion
When you use channel diarization, you should see an additional `channels` field in the `RecognitionStarted` message which lists all the channels you requested:
```

```json
{
  "message": "RecognitionStarted",
  ...
  // highlight-start
  "channels": ["New_York", "Shanghai", "Paris"]
  // highlight-end
}
```

You can send audio for a specific channel using the `AddChannelAudio` message:

```json
{
  "message": "AddChannelAudio",
  "channel": "New_York",
  "data": <base_64_encoded_data>
}
```

> The Transcriber responds with a `ChannelAudioAdded` message:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You'll get an acknowledgement in the form of a `ChannelAudioAdded` message from the server:
```

```json
{
  "message": "ChannelAudioAdded",
  "channel": "New_York",
  "seq_no": <10>
}
```

> When transcripts are returned, the `channel` property identifies the channel.
> For `channel_and_speaker` diarization, the `speaker` property identifies speakers:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the `channel` property in transcript outputs to identify the channel. For `channel_and_speaker` diarization, you can also use the `speaker` property to identify speakers:
```
